feat: Add agentic development scaffolding, resolves #1273 (#1274)
cuttle-cards/cuttle: docs/agentic-development.md

# AI Development Guide

<!-- MarkdownTOC autolink="true" -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Core Principles](#core-principles)
- [When to Use AI](#when-to-use-ai)
- [AI-Powered Workflow](#ai-powered-workflow)
- [Code Review Checklist for AI-Assisted PRs](#code-review-checklist-for-ai-assisted-prs)

<!-- /MarkdownTOC -->

## Overview

This guide establishes the standards, workflow, and best practices for using AI tools to accelerate development in the Cuttle codebase. It is written for our human developers.

Technical automation rules for AI agents are maintained separately in [`AGENTS.md`](../AGENTS.md). That file is designed for agent consumption only.

## Getting Started

> The most effective way to use an AI assistant in this project is to start by providing it with the context from [`GEMINI.md`](../GEMINI.md) or [`CLAUDE.md`](../CLAUDE.md). These files point the agent to our technical standards in [`AGENTS.md`](../AGENTS.md), which teaches it our discovery patterns and conventions.

Author: ```suggestion
The most effective way to use an AI assistant in this project is just by asking questions. Any context the agent needs it should be able to fetch from the [`AGENTS.md`](../AGENTS.md) file, which teaches it our discovery patterns and conventions.
```

## Core Principles

-   **Analyze Before Building**: Study existing code patterns before writing new code. Follow established standards. Propose new patterns only when they offer clear advantages.
-   **Be Incremental**: Make small, verifiable changes. This aligns with the project's development and code review processes.

> -   **Maintain Oversight**: You are responsible for all code. Review, understand, and validate all AI-generated output.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Analyze Before Building**: Study existing code patterns before writing new code. Follow established standards. Propose new patterns only when they offer clear advantages.
- **Be Incremental**: Make small, verifiable changes. This aligns with the project's development and code review processes.
- **Maintain Oversight**: You are responsible for all code. Review, understand, and validate all AI-generated output.
```
